Improve docs (#2135)
dstackai/dstack: docs/docs/dev-environments.md

</div>

`dstack apply` automatically provisions an instance, uploads the contents of the repo (incl. your local uncommitted changes),

> and set ups an IDE on the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and sets up an IDE on the instance.
```
